# 2.2.1 changelog
*This changelog is a condensed version of what is changed, features are mostly described on the wiki. The wiki articles are linked within this changelog.*

*This all these features are currently released in a **BETA** stage, they may or may not work, and may change at any time.*

## Global Changelog
### Added
- [**BLACKJACK BETTING AND SPLITTING!!**](https://wiki.skuddbot.xyz/minigames/blackjack)
  - You can now split hands and make bets in Blackjack.
  - This game has been rewritten from scratch.
  - Changed names of stats to show that they are tracked per hand.
  - Added stats for tracking doubled down hands.
- [**CHALLENGE BETTING!!**](https://wiki.skuddbot.xyz/minigames/challenge#betting-system)
  - You can now place bets in challenge!
  - Challenge games can now be declined.
  - Cancelling is now available via reactions.
- [Purge command](https://wiki.skuddbot.xyz/moderation-tools/purge)
- [FFA leaving](https://wiki.skuddbot.xyz/minigames/free-for-all#leaving-the-game)
  - You can now leave a game of Free for All by removing your reaction or typing `!ffa leave`.
- [Jackpot](https://wiki.skuddbot.xyz/systems/jackpot);
  - New command: `!jackpot`
  - New server setting: `JACKPOT`
    - This setting does not need to be changed, it will update automatically.
  - Voided Skuddbux will build up into the Jackpot.
  - Winning the Jackpot will come in a later update.
  - Applies to the following minigames:
    - Blackjack
    - Double or Nothing
    - Free for All
- Custom hug and punch messages for some people.

### Changed
- [`!serversettings` now has pages!](https://wiki.skuddbot.xyz/features/server-settings#pages)
- Reworked the Reaction Buttons system to add support for reaction removals.
- When you now don't specify a bet in FFA, you will bet with your `DEFAULT_BET` value.
  - To enter without a bet you can specify 0 as your bet or use the :crossed_swords: reaction.
- Moved the buttons of Challenge and Blackjack over to the new reaction button system.
- Made it a bit clearer that the player is standing in blackjack.
- Several backend changes to make sure the new database stuff is supported.

### Fixed
- The "game was started by admin" notice being out of place in Free for All's.
- Bets not being refunded and cooldowns being started in DON when the game has been cancelled.
- Corrected the streak bonuses in Challenge.
- An error message popping incorrectly in the Currency Command.
- A bug in Blackjack where the player hand would pass as Blackjack but it isn't.

### Updated
- Java: `8` -> `11`
- Javacord version: `3.0.5` -> `3.1.1`
  - Minor changes to the code have been made to accommodate the new API version.
- Lombok version: `1.16.10` -> `1.18.12`
- HikariCP version: `2.6.1` -> `3.4.5`
  
## Changes since BETA 2

### Changed
- Users can now split 2 face cards in Blackjack. *(deployed in BETA 2.02)*

### Fixed
- A bug where the Blackjack message wouldn't update when the user got a hand value of 20. *(deployed in BETA 2.01)*
- Reaction Debug Messages not working. *(deployed in BETA 2.02)*