# 2.3 changelog
*This changelog is a condensed version of what is changed, features are mostly described on the wiki. The wiki articles are linked within this changelog.*

## Global Changelog
### Added
- [Betting shortcuts](https://wiki.skuddbot.xyz/minigames/betting-shortcuts)
  - Available shortcuts:
    - Global Shortcuts:
      - Number (`100`)
      - Default Bet (`bet`)
      - All-in (`all`)
      - Half (`half`)
      - Percentages (`10%`)
      - Thousands (`10k`)
        - Decimal points are supported: `1.5k` = 1 500
    - Game specific shortcuts:
      - Free for all
        - Match (`match`)
  - Available in minigames:
    - Blackjack
    - Challenge
    - Double or nothing
    - Free for All
- [Game Logs](https://wiki.skuddbot.xyz/minigames/game-logs)
  - A new way of showing what happened in a minigame through the means of a downloadable text file.
  - Allows for a more verbose way of logging what happened in a minigame.
  - Usernames can be anonymized using a user setting: `ANON_GAME_LOG`.
  - Minigames supported:
    - Free for all
- Added a reaction button for matching the current highest bet in a Free for All.
- [**FREE FOR ALL BOUNTIES!**](https://wiki.skuddbot.xyz/minigames/free-for-all)
  - Bets in Free for All have been replaced with bounties.
  - For more information see the [wiki article](https://wiki.skuddbot.xyz/minigames/free-for-all).


### Fixed
- Fixed an issue where if message level ups were disabled by the server admins, it would always be a reaction notification despite the user picking DM or NONE.
- Fixed an issue where hidden stat categories would still show.
- Fixed an issue where the challenged party in challenge would not get charged the bet.
- Fixed an issue where you could not place bets on open challenges.
- Fixed an issue where challenge would show the "insufficient currency" error but still started the game with no bet.

### Changed
- Changed the emoji used in the reaction button for entering a Free for All with a default bet.
- Changed the way data is held in memory by the bot.